>> Kyle Simpson: So there are corner
cases, we know that that's the reality,
there were corner cases.
We don't deal with corner cases in any
language but least of all, JavaScript,
by simply avoiding it.
You don't avoid the whole mechanism just
to get around a couple of corner cases.
>> Kyle Simpson: You have to adopt
a coding style that makes your types and
the values that are in those
types plain and obvious,
that's the only effective way to do this.
Some people goes so
far as to used whole type systems, and
we'll get into that a little bit
later like TypeScript and stuff.
I don't think you have to go that far but
you can adopt a coding style which makes
the kinds of types that you're
doing much more obvious.
I make the claim that a quality
JavaScript program is going to have to
embrace coercion.
You have to make sure that the types
involved in every operation are clear.
And by the way that means that you
shouldn't be designing all these
polymorphic functions that can
take any sort of value and
do 15 different things
based upon the value.
You're asking for
coercion problems when you do that and
then papering over them, but I used
the triple, I used the triple equals.
Why not just design a function
that only takes numbers and
then make another function
that only takes strings?
Or make a function that takes numbers and
strings, and
it's very clear it can only
be those two types, and
I know what corner cases I have to worry
about between numbers and strings.
We can choose to be more obvious
about how we manage our types,
how much we overload,
how polymorphic we make our code.
We can opt in to more problems or
opt out of problems as a result.
>> Kyle Simpson: Biggest takeaway that
I want you to get here is that these
are fact of your programs and it is
within your purview to decide how much or
how little you're gonna be
affected by those facts.
>> Kyle Simpson: That is not to suggest
that the only solution to our problem is
that everything have to rigidly,
everything's completely statically typed.
We have to just basically go write Java or
C Plus Plus so that we get some
kind of like sound type system,
that is a reaction to this problem,
it is not the the reaction
I think that is necessary.
So the message I'm preaching here
is you can learn these systems,
use them appropriately and
make them obvious in your code.
>> Kyle Simpson: I do not think that
this typing systems are weaknesses,
I actually think this is one of
JavaScript's strongest qualities.
It's an unsung hero, I think it's
one of the reasons why JavaScript is
the ubiquitous language that it
is today because it has been so
palatable to so many different use cases.
The first truly multi-paradigm
language and a big reason why it has
been able to survive multi-paradigm
is because of its type system.
And that's completely opposite from
what every one of my peers and
everything else that you've ever heard.
Everybody else has always told you this
is the worst part of JavaScript and
I'm gonna put my foot down and say it's
one of the best parts of JavaScript.
And if you're not using it,
your programs are missing out